samples: wifi: provisioning: softap: increase stack size (#16898)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Added capture timeout as a parameter for packet capture.

* :ref:`softap_wifi_provision_sample` sample:

>   * Increased CONFIG_SOFTAP_WIFI_PROVISION_THREAD_STACK_SIZE to avoid stack overflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Increased the value of the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AT_HOST_STACK_SIZE` Kconfig option to 8192 bytes to avoid stack overflow.
```
